Link/Button Functionality, Appended Content
Barrier 3
https://www.buchananautopark.com/ - sitewide, Site Menu
Accessibility Issue: The links within the Site Menu each operates both as a link and a button, depending on when it is activated. On first activation, each acts as a button opening a submenu dialog, while on the second activation, each acts as a link to another page in the site. When the dialog is opened, keyboard focus cannot move into the dialog, so it cannot be navigated.
We have added an Accessible Menu to remediate these issues, but some submenus on the Site Menu are appended to the DOM when the submenu is opened, rather than on page load. Therefore, these submenus do show up on our Accessible Menu. These include: “Browse by Make and Model” and “Model Research” under the “New” submenu, and “Browse by Make” under the “Pre-Owned” submenu.
Rationale: Interactive controls should perform a consistent action that is expected of its role. A link should redirect the user to another page, while a button should perform an action within the site. Inconsistencies between an element’s role and functionality, or within its functionality itself, can cause confusion and make the site more difficult to understand and use.
Recommendation: Ensure interactive controls have consistent functionalities that are expected of their role. The top-level Site Menu links should act as links, redirecting the user to the appropriate page. Each link should be accompanied by a button that opens the dialog or dropdown with the submenu. Each dialog should be able to receive focus and be navigable by keyboard.
In order for our Accessible Menu to include all of the content on the native menu, all of the content should be available in the DOM on page load, rather than being appended when the submenu is opened.
For Further Reference: Please visit W3C: Understanding Success Criterion 4.1.2: Name, Role, Value
https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/name-role-value.html
Please visit W3C: Dialog (Modal) Pattern
https://www.w3.org/WAI/ARIA/apg/patterns/dialog-modal/