Accessible Menu with dynamically appended content on hover
Barrier 4
https://www.meundies.com/ - sitewide Menu

Accessibility Issue: When the mouse is hovering over the top level menu links in the site menu, submenu content is visually conveyed to users, but this content cannot be accessed with a keyboard. The links within the Site Menu each operates both as a link and a button, so that clicking links the user to a new page, and hovering opens a submenu. This behavior is inherently inaccessible for users navigating with keyboard, as these submenus do not open on keyboard focus, and these elements have conflicting functionalities.
We have added an Accessible Menu to remediate these issues, but the submenus on the Site Menu are appended to the DOM when the submenu is opened on hover, rather than on page load. Therefore, these submenus do not show up on our Accessible Menu.

Rationale: Interactive controls should perform a consistent action that is expected of its role. A link should redirect the user to another page, while a button should perform an action within the site. Inconsistencies between an element’s role and functionality, or within its functionality itself, can cause confusion and make the site more difficult to understand and use. It is important to recognize that not all users are able to operate a mouse and assistive technology devices require keyboard events.

Recommendation: Ensure interactive controls have consistent functionalities that are expected of their role. The top-level Site Menu links should act only as links, redirecting the user to the appropriate page. Each link should be accompanied by an adjacent button that opens the dropdown submenu. Ensure that all content that is available to users on hover is also available to keyboard-only users and that this content can be interacted with.
In order for our Accessible Menu to include all of the content on the native menu, all of the content should be available in the DOM on page load, rather than being appended when the submenu is opened.

For Further Reference: Please visit W3C: Understanding Success Criterion 4.1.2: Name, Role, Value
https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/name-role-value.html
Please visit W3C: Understanding Success Criteria 2.1.1: Keyboard
https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/keyboard.html